you
alright what is going on guys palawan
and today we have for you a pretty
unique and crazy gameplay that i'm sure
you guys didn't expect to ever see and
this is a Goliath vicious so he gets 30
kills actually 34 kills to be exact in
the Goliath without dying now there's a
few different things that are in this
game played or didn't get people
confused and I know there's gonna be
some comments mean like what the hell is
this this sucks but let me explain so
first off karnish isotonic goes on a 34
kill streak in me Goliath he does get
gun kills cuz he has to get gun kills in
order to achieve the Goliath kill streak
so there are gun kills as well I believe
he goes on like a 45 or so overall kill
streak but he does get 34 kills in the
Goliath so that is more than a vicious
medal now like I said you have to earn
the Goliath and also with this being
domination there is a round switch so
with that round switch you lose the
Goliath so after the round switch yet to
get some more gun kills in order to get
his next Goliath in order to get those
vicious medals so that's another thing i
know people wouldn't get a little
confused on the whole idea of this is
that he had to get more than 30 kills in
the Goliath without dying so overall it
does become like a 46 or so gunstreak
avi yeah just to clear some things up so
this gameplay is very interesting and
different and unique I had a lot of fun
watching it I thought it was very
different you'll see too much Goliath
gameplay and to see 34 kills and the
Goliath is pretty cool honestly I think
this this killstreak sucks cuz it's so
slow and it's so bulky and you can kind
of dive pretty easily in it so I've
always thought it not to be a very good
kill streak but to get 34 kills in a
game of domination that's not too bad I
mean I've used it maybe two or three
times and I haven't gotten more than
like six or seven kills so to get 34
kills in one life in the Goliath is a
very impressive at least to me and this
makes a vicious metal with the Goliath
guys hopefully do enjoy today's gameplay
be sure to check out cars isotonix
channel down in the description below
he's really been grinding it out
probably one of the most active carnage
members today honestly just really just
every single day he's uploading a video
it's either a new unique gameplay or
really good commentary topic or
something new that's going on and call
of duty or maybe a some kind of montage
type of thing just always something new
and different these constantly posting
is very interactive with you guys
and son that's just so awesome I know
you guys will enjoy his content and his
channel so make sure to go to his
channel and check him out don't forget
to do that also if you're new to karnish
clan make sure to subscribe as well and
if you wouldn't mind dropping a quick
like that would be greatly appreciated
it helps just helps us out overall and
it means a lot to everybody here at
carnage especially myself anza yeah it
helps us out guys so if you would mind
doing that be greatly appreciated also
follow us on twitter follow us on
instagram and today i wanted to talk
about streaming a little bit so with the
twitch we have a lot of guys in Carney's
that do stream and are willing to stream
and i wanted to know if you guys want to
see a stream a lot more so yes tributes
a great thing we've had very successful
streams in the past when we really tried
I've streamed a few times in the past I
didn't really try to get a lot of your
results this kind of casually streaming
that new DLC maps on with ascendance the
ascendance DLC maps and we got like 30
or 40 viewers nothing special I didn't
really try but when we do try to get a
good stream going it really turns out
well and it turns like really seen
people really seem to like it so and
yeah we've had a one stream in the past
the most successful stream that pass
I'll we hit like 1100 viewers of 1200
viewers it was as crazy and people
really enjoyed it so I want to know do
you guys think that it is an important
thing that we starts to stream or if you
guys really want to see us stream or
I'll make it a priority to start getting
extremes layout and get people to stream
on carnage constantly so that you guys
have a stream to watch whenever you want
so if that if you think that is a big
thing that we need to work on here at
carnage I want you to leave a comment
down below if you enjoy watching streams
and you think that conda's should be
streaming more leave your your opinion
in your suggestion or whatever leave
your feedback because it will make a
difference so I know a lot of people on
Twitter of Twitter's before saying hey
you should stream or a you should do
more live strange you really enjoy
watching DNA bomb live um you know if
you're one of those people this is the
time leave a comment below anyways guys
hope you have a great day drop a like
once again if you did enjoyed today's
video I'm gonna leave you with the
carnage clan of rabbi marvin divine so
if you do like the music at the end of
this video make sure to go check out
Marvin divine I'll leave his links down
in the description below as well newest
guys took me on a great day and I'll see
you guys later
you want no problems best college plan a
heart
poor the neck sorry buddy I just yeah I
know it's hard to swallow like a villa
dr water under watching on a glitch this
one's over calling on it yet hottest
only met check to you too all I know his
partner does it better than are you I
don't care about the mother plants and
they know who I am but when it comes
enough I don't really give a damn many
cars plan logo on the t-shirt just
before my gift plan got my bed so I'm
never rolling solo yeah trick shots
plays it get the number one in gaming
boy hole you said you number one sorry
but that's changing what man I swear
they got it don't say it just to say it
no more being modest many gamers bones
playing best game blazing some
World Records karnish plan number one
don't believe it better check again
everybody is punished everybody's
garnish everybody's carnage and
everybody everybody everybody was honest
and everybody everybody everybody
everybody does lunch play yeah plan